{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red56\green110\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: J C Trinidad-Christensen <jt2118@columbia.edu>\
Subject: Re: Additional InfoGroup docs?\
Date: May 12, 2014 at 11:57:08 AM EDT\
To: Daniel M Sheehan <dms2203@columbia.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
Money! I think they saw a need and decided to created the data package. They now offer some of that data going back five years from the online database. Much easier to use but restricted to the 200 address download limit.\
\
When we bought it, they told us we would could take it as is without any further cleanup or questions. The documentation was pulled from their website and not included with the purchase..\
\
Here's the site but I can't find the info anymore, thankfully you are holding most of what they had. There were a couple summary tables included I didn't see a need to save.\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://referenceusa-resourcecenter.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://referenceusa-resourcecenter.com/}}\
\
The person I spoke to about the purchase from the company was Theresa Randall, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Theresa.Randall@infogroup.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Theresa.Randall@infogroup.com}}. Her title is Account Executive. Here's the anecdotal info I have, mostly from conversations with various reps. The methodology they use is calling each business annually to see if they're still in business. The geocoding was done using the same data as the ESRI NA streets (I forget the company name) by staff trained in GIS (as told to me when I asked).\
\
Other than that, I don't have much info.\
\
Hope it helps,\
Jeremiah\
\
\
On Mon, May 12, 2014 at 11:39 AM, Daniel M Sheehan \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dms2203@columbia.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 dms2203@columbia.edu}}>\uc0\u8236  wrote:\
Jeremiah, thanks again for the InfoGroup data. My director asked me compare NETS and InfoGroup. InfoGroup may have the potential to save us some on a project so we\'92re really excited about it.\
\
One thing I was asked to follow up on was the methodology for creating InfoGroup\'92s data. I have these data dictionary pdf\'92s and excel files (listed below) but was wondering if there are any more anecdotal or text-based descriptions about how and why the data was created. Do you know of any doc\'92s or have a link to the methods and/or motivations behind creating their data? \'a0If not, is there maybe a number from Infogroup I could use to follow up?\
\
Infogroup - US Business Data Dictionary.pdf\
Infogroup - US Business Field Decode Sheet.pdf\
Infogroup - US Consumer Field Decode Sheet.pdf\
Layout - Business DB Historical LRFS 1997-2012.xlsx\
Layout - Consumer DB Historical 2006-2012.xlsx\
Non-Verified Counts December 2012.xlsx\
\
Thanks,\
Danny\
\
\
\
-- \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 Jeremiah Trinidad-Christensen\
Geospatial Services Coordinator\
Digital Social Science Center (DSSC)\
Columbia University Libraries\
211 IAB, New York, NY 10027\
212-854-5664\
}